Documentation overhaul (#16)
LittleBigRefresh/Docs: Docs/topics/index.md

This is our section for documentation regarding LittleBigPlanet itself.
Any information we deem useful or important we jot down here.

### Patching

> This is where we put our patching guides, if you want to connect to LittleBigRefresh, this is the place to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where we put our patching guides. If you'd like to connect to LittleBigRefresh, this is the place to go!
```
